add latest docu of blockly features of M2 (#2297)
openhab/openhab-docs: tutorials/getting_started/rules_scenes.md

#### Rule

If we want to use triggers that are known from other rule types we can write such a rule, define that trigger and let that rule call the scene rule.
See the details there on how to create a trigger (e.g. a cron trigger that will call the blockly rule at 22:00 in the evening) to execute that rule.

> The section below also provides examples for JavaScript and Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The section below provides examples for Blockly and various rule/script languages.
```

:::: tabs

::: tab Blockly
Use the following block and add the _scene id_ to the block to call the scene

![scene-blockly](./images/scene-blockly-rule.png)

Save it and that's it.
:::

::: tab JS

```javascript
 rules.runRule('scene_office_dimmed_light', {});
```

:::

::: tab JRuby

> rules[“id”] gives you the rule object for the given id, which supports the [trigger method](https://openhab.github.io/openhab-jruby/main/OpenHAB/Core/Rules/Rule.html#trigger-instance_method) (aliased as run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rules[“"d"]` gives you the rule object for the given id, which supports the [trigger method](https://openhab.github.io/openhab-jruby/main/OpenHAB/Core/Rules/Rule.html#trigger-instance_method) (aliased as run).
```

Author: I think this isn't intended: `rules[“"d"]`

Reviewer: Better now?

> > rules["scene_id"].run

Reviewer: Please use code fences and set `ruby` or `rb` as language.

#### Rule

If we want to use triggers that are known from other rule types we can write such a rule, define that trigger and let that rule call the scene rule.
See the details there on how to create a trigger (e.g. a cron trigger that will call the blockly rule at 22:00 in the evening) to execute that rule.
The section below provides examples for Blockly and various rule/script languages.

:::: tabs

::: tab Blockly
Use the following block and add the _scene id_ to the block to call the scene

![scene-blockly](./images/scene-blockly-rule.png)

Save it and that's it.
:::

::: tab JS

```javascript
 rules.runRule('scene_office_dimmed_light', {});
```

:::

::: tab JRuby

rules[“id”] gives you the rule object for the given id, which supports the [trigger method](https://openhab.github.io/openhab-jruby/main/OpenHAB/Core/Rules/Rule.html#trigger-instance_method) (aliased as run).

```ruby
  rules["scene_id"].run

> ``

Reviewer: There should be three of these signs.
